alright guys welcome back to the
tutorial looks like I had some problems
with windows so I'm just going to
backtrack my steps on what I did to get
the next small key and where that takes
you from their first remember checkout
lane vidz.com scrolling across the
screen there if you're looking for all
these tutorials in a row also subscribe
to my youtube channel please so you'll
have the immediate updates of whenever I
post the next tutorials so let's uh
let's go ahead and do this we are at the
waterwheel here what we want to do is we
want to turn around and go through this
door right here on the side that will
bring you into the room with the big
wheel that's spinning you want to jump
on whatever you want to fall down you'll
fall into some water here probably and
there's some rocks here that you can
jump up on so let's go ahead and make
our way up and some vine so go ahead and
climb the vine
and then we're back up to the entry
point for the room so let's go ahead and
now jump on these rotating platforms and
what we want to do is make our way out
to that platform right there make a jump
open the door and from there what you
want to do is take an immediate left go
all the way here and that is where a
chest will be for some small keys now
you do want to be careful there's going
to be two slugs that also fall from the
ceiling so make sure you be aware of
those guys such don't die now once you
have that small key let's go ahead and
go back the way we came into the room
with the spinning platforms head to your
right and we want to jump on the next
platform that comes around and then from
there we want to make our way to the
next door over so it's simply line
yourself up whenever you're there and
jump going into the door and this is
just a simple rock corridor here
basically there's a little ledge out
that way but this door right here is
locked what you want to do is unlock
that door and and we're going to
continue on down the path here
so once we're at this we want to turn on
our iron we're going to be getting into
some water here so turn on your Iron
Boots and simply fall the bottom let's
assume you look this way okay
what we want to do is there's two chests
down here there's one containing a red
roofie and one containing some water
bombs
let's see if we can find and there's one
right there this is the one to the left
and we have water bombs so we can use
them bombs in the water and let's see if
we can find that red roof it should just
be the other way
there it is right the end of the hallway
there open that one up and lever red
ruby okay now let's head on this way and
we'll head straight here watch out for
the jellyfish it's going to shock you
and you'll see this a big boulder here
we want to do is use a water bomb here
haha alright and then let's continue on
our journey big who does thin air watch
out
what looks like he got me and we're
about to go and fight a mini boss so I'm
going to end this tutorial will start up
the next one so we'll be ready for the
mini boss remember to check out lane
vidz.com scrolling across the bottom
there and also please subscribe to my
youtube channel at youtube com back / l
for a NY are 80 that way you'll get the
latest updates of whenever I put these
new tutorials up also scrolling across
the bottom there